hey this is Rob at art for kids hub
dot-com and I got my cool awesome kid
with me chugga-chugga Ayres how's it
going dude what are we gonna do today
we're gonna draw an easy stick is sorry
an easy stegasaurus and why do you think
we should do an easy one for Lalo for
the little kids that are watching yeah
we did some hard done this ORS the past
couple times right and we were feeling
kind of bad because maybe some of our
some of our the younger kids might not
be able to do them so we thought we'd do
an easy dinosaur this time right good
all right so it's a Stegosaurus what
does the Stegosaurus look like head like
spikes on its tail yeah does this one
walk on to two feet or 4 feet 4 yeah it
works up he walks on all four legs so
first step we're gonna do we always
start with this head usually right so
should we start with his head okay we're
going to draw a hooked line like that
good and then we're gonna draw his mouth
and it's just going to be a v-shaped
yeah and then we're going to draw a line
that comes back under and there is his
head we could draw a little eye perfect
and his back is going to be really art
arched and it's going to be a one big
curved line and we're going to start on
the back of his head kind of like a
mountain I'm up back down and then
straight out first he'll that cool good
come back down oh we got to leave some
room for his spikes you're gonna have
yeah you'll have to do little spikes up
there so do this big stuff that's okay
though you did a good job so the kids at
home can learn that they want to leave a
little space up here for those big
spikes on the second source so you do
little ones Kay and you can show them
what happens if if they need to do
little ones so the next step we're gonna
finish his tale is we're going to come
back like this so can you do that that
part that's gonna be his tail perfect
and then come down and that's going to
be one one leg and then over good then
we're going to draw a V upside down be
sorry and then another line and then a
line up and then his belly and we could
finish his neck bring his neck in and
then come down
yep and then a line across oh you did it
good I'm sweet and then an upside-down V
again a line across and then a line back
up and there's both his legs
oh so that's all right so draw a line up
and then finish his belly you got a
little lost
that's okay OOP what's that what's that
it's got a square one have a square
belly that's okay so you'd want to come
up like that and then you would just
draw a straight line across to his other
other ah that's okay we kind of did it
hard so all right what's he missing he
just looks like a lizard huh does he
need a spice yeah all right so the first
spike we're going to do is at the top of
his up here and you draw a little one
but I'm gonna draw a big one K and
they're shaped kind of like a petal of a
flower or a leaf kind of like a leaf
looks like he has one spike on one spike
on the top of his back okay so go ahead
and draw yours and looks a little bit
like a leaf it's pointed at the top and
then curved on the sides good and then
as so I'm gonna do it differently you
can just try and make it work because
you don't have room but I'm gonna make
them smaller as they come down to his
neck maybe the top could be the small
one
down could be big one yeah you could do
it the opposite see that and then I'm
going to draw do the same thing down the
other side get smaller as they get
closer to his tail
I can't really do no you're doing great
just practicing
good just draw a point in a curved line
and a point in a curved line
good you got sound effects going can't
you doing good let's keep practicing do
two more on this side and then and then
do a couple down this bag yeah good job
checkers that's awesome you did it so
we've got one last step we forgot one
last thing spikes on his tail
Stegosaurus has cool spikes and I think
they thought that these were used for
defense so we're just gonna drop three
spikes perfect and we'll do one more
thing let's give him some toenails so
we're going to draw three bumps on each
of his feet oh that's not a foot that
since we're belly perfect chuckers look
at that dinosaur he's awesome so it was
still a little hard to do the spikes huh
so you could have so the kids at home if
they have trouble with doing these
little spikes on his back they could ask
their parents to help them or just
practice you can watch the video over a
couple times and practice it you'll get
better is that fun pretty easy huh
so hopefully the younger kids at it
watching this on YouTube will be able to
do this one so well the rules should we
say goodbye no your ones
see you later YouTube buh-bye
bye